We stop by Sterrel's Provisions before the council meeting, we get four horses, riding saddles with bit and bridle, saddlebags with 3 days feed for each of us. Then we make a quick stop by Seterin the Wise to purchase some anti-toxin.

We meet at the Speaker's House for the town council meeting. In attendence: Cpt. Serana, is grim believes we can't win but will do what's been told; Keellin, an innkeep believes we should send emissary's and make peace like they have done in the past; Delora, owner of a livery recommends we flee; Iormel, a person of property favors fighting; and Nora Wistin, the speaker is undecided. There is the town guard with 25 warriors, and a militia 88 commoners and 30 warriors. After some persuasion, it is decided that they will leave behind a rear guard to slow down the assault and allow the civilians to flee. They will destroy any war material/provisions that they would leave behind. They will skuttle the ferry when orcs are spotted.

After the town council meeting we awake in a pit inside the basement of a building. After dispelling a few antimagic zones, we spiderclimb out. We get the drop of a few unsuspecting captors and eventually take on a whole backroom full of them. We fight our way out, looting 2 potions of 'green wave' and a pouch with 600g. They had been asking what the town council knew about their operation. We found a signet ring that Zera recognizes as a group he's delivered to. Inside a barrel we find a 'Dread Helmet' and a magic spice pouch. We exit the building through a crowded tavern pretending to either be cleaners or patrons. The sign along the town square for the building reads 'Green Welcome'.

We stay the night in the inn, and head towards Skull Gorge over land in the morning. Towards the end of the day we come to a split in the road, and we took the path to the right. The trail stopped at an old abandoned wooden fort with a burning fire pit in the center with a giant sitting roasting a boar. Atticus speaks with Warklegnar, and initially conveinces him to let us camp the night, and eventually convenicnes him to gather his kin at Brindol and help fight the orcs.

We wake the next morning and head for the bridge. There are four towers with orc guards and a green dragon, hell hounds at ends of the 10ft wide bridge. There are four tents on the far side with a camp of orcs. A well placed fireball wiped out the far camp, while Grin rushed the center of the bridge to fight the dragon. When the dragon starts to flee, Grin chaces it down, jumping in the air and stabbing it in the neck, killing it. We capture a single orc, before we could interrogate he jumps to his death. We loot 6 pearls worth 100g each.

We campt the night at the tower, fighting a gray render overnight.
