During the night we were attacked by seven harpies. Early, before dawn, we attacked the camp. Though they were easily dispatched with the help of a well-placed fireball, they had sounded the alarm as we approached. Next, we charged the fort through the dim light, but as soon as one of the guards fell the rest fled.

Breaking in the doors, we found a warlock summoning a devil. In the room there were dead bodies everywhere, five colored banners with streamers to a large ruby (1000g) hanging from the ceiling. Upon seeing us the warlock fled too, using several spells. Zera hasted Atticus who quickly chased down the warlock, while Grin chased down the fleeing guard captain.

Atticus, after defeating the warlock and her demon, found a dragon relief dagger and a bronze tome with a five-headed dragon cover. In his hands, the tome transformed into a rod.

Grin managed to capture the fleeing orc. His name was Ousten, and he told us that Isat hand been sacrificing animals then eventually orcs to discover the devil's true name. He said the outpost was supposed to be a roadblock, but she eventually turned to the dark arts even though he was in charge. He said they hadn't seen a resupply in weeks, but he suspected that the army had made Neman's Gap by then (he didn't know of the delay). Grin asked about Nyett Toothsharp. He told us that she's a lieutenant in charge of a raiding band of 40 orcs somewhere to the east near the Rhest trail that's supposed take a flanking action of the main force. Grin unsuccessfully tried to get the orc to send a message to Nyett, instead we had him clean up the corpses.
