We headed a ways up the trail towards Cinder Hill. We ambushed five orcs riding boars, taking Sgt. Ugis prisoner. He told us he's under command of Scather who's under Wyrmlord Stormcaller. He also told us that the army consists of 3400 orc, 150 monsters, 50 undead along with various commanders and officers. He said they were on their way to relieve the bridge. When we told him of its destruction, he said we've only delayed them by two days. He asked, "do we have wyvern riders too?". He told us that the army will arrive tomorrow, and that a day east of the bridge is a shallow crossing to bypass the bridge. I sent a message to an emissary of General Felix telling him of the size of the army and that we've sent giants to aid Brindol.

We fought another patrol with 3 barghasts and some more reinforcements. We retreated towards the bridge, lead off the trail and hid our tracks, then headed north along the river. The next day we continued along the river. Within the woods we came across five giant spiders and four edicaps. That night we made the grasslands and camped along the river. We were approached by a band of tieflings/dragonborn riding scorpions. They told us that our friends are across the lake and fens on the Witch trail. They told us that there is a roadblock two days ahead on the North Road, and that there's another roadblock on the Witch trail. They have seen a black dragon hunting the Black Fens. Rhestilor is seven days by road, and there is a swarm of razorfiends and a small dragonoid.

We took a day to make the road, then spent another day north on the road pushing to make an extra two hours. The next day we approached the road block invisibly. Once inside, there were two casters on the roof that hit us hard with a few spells through a trapdoor. During the battle a horn blew for backup. Four boar riders approached, one a caster. Firing from the roof, we killed the caster and two others before they arrived. Busting through the door, the last died in a trap and webs. We could see a buzzard circling from the way they came.

Searching the building we found fine trade goods, gems, a few coins, and two barrels of foul liquid that was very flammable. Found a platinum medallion of Tiamat around the caster's neck, 14 pearls (100g ea.), 25g 150s 237c. We set the building aflame, and went west to investigate. There were three corpses around a cart, a tiefling at the reigns. In a secret compartment, we found two 100g diamonds, a case of green potions. We dumped a barrel of greenwave they were smuggling, and it spawned 18 twig creatures.

We were three days till the swamp, five days through the swamp to Rhestilor. We continued onwards, and towards dusk we came across four chuuls. Grin harvested a vial of Chuul poison. That night, I sent a message to Cpt. Serena telling her that the army will arrive tomorrow. She said the ferry is scuttled after seeing orc scouts.
