n---
layout: post
title: Kuldera and Beyond
---
Arriving in Kuldera, Zera heads to the White Dove Inn to take a proper bath. Meanwhile, Grin lead us to Ralph's Music Shop to purchase a lute. We get a recommendation to visit Cary the metalsmith; her shop has a crossed hammer sign. She had a nice set of dwarven plate armor that she would fit over night. Atticus lead us to Isabelle's to find chain jewlery, to wear a signet ring. Leaving the shop, Ethor was gnawing on a blue/gold javelin. We then head the the tailor Aman, a flamboyant dragonborn, to get Atticus a new traveler's cloak. In the window was 'Blue Rider', a special order from royalty to reward someone for "saving a Duke's son" (not sure of story), which I closely inspected.

We head to the temple quarter to visit the Grand Library and the Academy of Wizards. At the Academy, Brinndon told us to speak with Samuel in an hour, so we headed to the Library. We ask Erys about Rhestilor, and I'm sushed with "no one talks about Rhestilor." Escorted to a hidden room, and told that the Dukes have been trying to scrub it from history. Once there were four Dukes, the fourth fell, was asking for assistance, dam was damaged and wiped out region. Region was frought with battles with orcs. Assume during one incursion Rhest fell. Vraath Keep used to try and bring Elsir Vale under control. Amery Vraath, inherited keep. After Rhest fell, tried to rid domain of reputation of conflict with orcs and giants. He went after Twisttusk forest giants, raiding a village. Afterwards, returing giants wiped out the keep. Now, usually only see orc raiding parties, maybe a tribe. I contribute "The Rise and Fall of Rhestilor" to the collection, to show our appreciation for the help.

Atticus asked about Shahan, from his vision during his poisoning. Told its a singular consciousness of the brown vines that attacked. Were people turned to "Children of Shahan" to only serve and multiply. Feed poisonous sap to victims. The group has remained hidden for a few decades.

While leaving a rogue ambushes Zera whispering to him, "Tell your brother we said hello." Ethor brings two guards to help. They stop and question us then take Zera and Grin in for questioning at the jailhouse located off the keep. Atticus and I go meet with Samuel the Historian. Heading up the spiral staircase, we're told to be polite. Ask about Garath Primo, he looks in a large ledger saying he reports he was headed toward the coast, Maradel, to study with the Elves. Samuel tells us the mind control of Orlane was a very rare magic, that few can do including Garoth. He records the the happenings in Orlane, saying the wizards may investigate but will not try to solve. Tells us that Garaoth should report on the first of the month. We leave a note with Brinndon about where we are headed, he gives us half a magic paper to deliver a message when Garoth checks in.

At the inn, we overhear that Felix is in town, but there is no word out of Orlane. We are in the Duchy of Cyrix, east of Avenmar, North of Hadon's Cross, South to Varath Keep. Could the fall of Orlane be part of a plot of Dukes to destablize Cyrix? People in town are not fond of the Dukes. Atticus tells us he's Atticus Rex, Champion of the Raven Queen, that he comes from across the ocean to the east.
