---
layout: post
title: Rhestilor
---
The next day we boarded two boats and headed east, we approached Rhestilor stealthily between the lizardfolk huts. Observing the area: there is a bell tower, a town hall with one story and a rooftop above the water; there are walkways between the buildings; the entire area is surrounded by camps of lizardfolk. We cast waterwalk and invisibility and stealthily attacked the bell tower using silence on the bell. The armorer had a key around his neck; the cleric had an amulet of Tiamat, and there was 25c on the table. In the chest under the bed, four bags of 25g each, two potions of flying (Grin and I take one).

We headed towards the next building. There were four ogres on the rooftop, two on the boardwalk walking the perimeter. Atticus' spectre went through the wall, raising the alarm. Eventually, a dragon and rider emerged from the water blasting us. We fought the six orges on our way into the building. The fight continued until the dragon attempted to rise through a hole in the floor. The dragon was knocked prone and both it and the rider fell into the water only to be blasted to death by a well placed fireball. Some more minions came up the stairs which we easily dispatched.

We hear alarms from the village. In a hurry, Grin jumped down the hole and found a longbow, arrows, and dragonscale armor on the Wyrmlord. Grin then came out and ran to the neighboring building. At this point, we saw rafts with 10 lizardfolk each coming from eight different camps. In the building, Grin found a nest and what appeared to be a razorfiend. Grin bargained with the razorfiend, promising the dragon's hoard in exchange for aid. Three were quickly consumed by green clouds, then two more. We plinked the remaining rafts at range.

Afterwards, we argue with the razorfiend that had taken the hoard, saying Grin didn't speak for all of us. In the end, we remitted the hoard, minus some armor and a weapon. However, Atticus sneakily palmed a small artifact. Leaving, we entered an interrogation room and find a notebook on razorfiend hatching cycles. In a chest, we also found 20g x 6 in 'Lionhead' coins of Rhestilor. We made our way back to the boats, and returned to Bohol Hill.

We are greeted on our return and served a meal. Inside the artifact we found a letter and a pouch. In the pouch was a phylactery. The note indicated that the phylactery belongs to the Ghostlord; it is necrotic magic, with his soul inside. He can return to 'life' while it still exists, and he will know who where it is destroyed. Atticus convinced Selaria Atteco that scorpion mounts would be helpful. They agreed to send a squadron to reinforce Brindol for slaying the dragon and agreed to grant us two scorpion mounts if we slay the razorfiends in Rhest. We're told that there is a blackness about the roadblock on the Witch trail, and that it woud benefit them if it is destroyed. The artifact made our hosts very uncomfortable; nevertheless, they let us stay the night in the guest quarters.
