The following morning Jorsda gives us baked goods; including a chocolate cake named 'Barrelbands.' Jaffrey stabled the mule, and we purchased rations and traveller's cloaks for the cold weather from Nathaniel.

We took off ahead of Cpt. Degas and by mid-day we made the cavern where we were captured. By late evening we made the guard tower. We waited to see if there was a patrol and then charged the tower concealed by dusk and heavy rain. We easily broke through the damaged entry door and fought our way to the top of the tower. There we found three hobgoblins around a planning table. We found a map of the area and rescued a man tortured on the balcony. Below we could see Degas' men fighting a goblin patrol we had avoided.

Downstairs, we searched the locked closet which contained a hidden switch revealing a passage to the basement. Degas' men arrived and prevent us from searching further. Afterwards, we treated and questioned the tortured commoner, named Sildar Hallwinter. He's originally from Durac and was hired to watch a caravan from Ft. Felix headed to Phandalin. Sildar was a member of Felix's task force "Flying Eagles." The caravan belonged to Gundrand Rockseeker who was also captured but taken elsewhere. Rockseeker thinks they have found the entrance to Wave Echo Cave, home of Phandelver's Pact which was to protect the magical forge. Rockseeker has a map and references in ancient texts to help find the cave. Sildar is also looking for his friend Iarno Albrek, a wizard.

We stayed the night at the tower. The following day Sildar decides to travel with us over the moutain pass to Phandalin where we will meet Degas and his men, who will travel back through Me'uidre, in a few days.

We make camp along the pass the following night. Sildar tells us of Gundrand's brothers Thurden and Nundro are also part of the group looking for the cave. He also tells us that Felix is being moved south because he has too much power; had a loyal army and fort with his own name. The Dukes don't want a fourth sharing power. Sildar started "The Talents" from the original "Flying Eagles," whose job it is to make sure everything runs smoothly and to protect the General and his men. The Talents would like to see Felix a Duke or better. Sildar knows Iarno through the Talents. We learn we have eleven days until the General comes through Mu'eiudre.

We continue over the mountains, then hit a road which we follow north. Finally, on the evening of the sixth we reach Phandalin. There are some surrounding ruins around a town center along with a ruined manor house on a hill to the northeast.
