The reinforcements catch up with Atticus and Zera. Grin exchanges our coins. Our group heads back south and is attacked by bushes. We return to the to the fort and notice new orc faces. We contact Bruglor to find their location. They are north of Durac between farming villages. Headed to mountains, its one to two weeks until they reach familiar territory to find a safe spot. The Blue Rider will attempt to scry their location.

We discuss with the Toothsharps about where to go. The room was roughly split: new land new possibilities, go home, and a small group wants to stay. There are several alternate locations: south of main road between towns, downriver of Drellin's Ferry, or the North Road around Rhestilor.

We stay the night in the Nacore's mansion. The next day I commune with Chauntea and confirm that the phylactory is real and if I'm on the right path trying to stop the war. On our way to Witchcross we see five figures hobbling down the road and we're attacked by Children of Shahan.

During our rest, Grin tells us that the orcs have an epidemic of addicts to greenwave. We see some two large bird-like things flying in the distance. We also see period campfires along the horizon, and a larger camp along the road. The Wyvrn Rider approach, blowing their horns. Their poison is very potent. A large group on the approaching on the road stalls on the road due to Zera blowing Grin's all-clear pattern on the orc war horn. We mount up to lead them away, then we hear a loud growl and two creature pursue us at high rate, barghasts! Then five boar riders catch up to us. Lumbering from behind are three Ettins, we pick off one with ranged attacks. Finally, a squadron of tweny-six orcs approach, Zera and I fly over head and he fireballs them all cutting a path through the enemy lines. 
