The reinforcements catch up with Atticus and Zera. Grin exchanged our coins. Our group heads back south and is attacked by bushes. We return to the to the fort and notice new orc faces. We contact Bruglor to find their location. They are north of Durac between farming villages. Headed to mountains, its one to two weeks until they reach familiar territory to find a safe spot. The Blue Rider will attempt to scry their location.

We discuss with the Toothsharps about where to go. The room was roughly split: new land new possibilities, go home, and a small group wants to stay. There are several alternate locations: south of main road between towns, downriver of Drellin's Ferry, or the North Road around Rhestilor.

We stay the night in the Nacore's mansion. The next day I communed with Chauntea and confirmed that the phylactery is real and that I'm on the right path trying to stop the war. On our way to Witchcross we saw five figures hobbling down the road and we were attacked by Children of Shahan.

During our rest, Grin told us that the orcs have an epidemic of addiction to greenwave. We saw two large bird-like things flying in the distance. We also saw periodic campfires along the horizon, and a larger camp along the road. The Wyvrn Rider approached, blowing their horns in alarm. Their poison is very potent. A large group on the road stalls their approach because Zera blew Grin's clan's all-clear pattern on the orc war horn. We mounted up to lead them away, then we heard a loud growl and two creature pursued us at high rate, barghasts! Then five boar riders cought up to us. Lumbering from behind were three Ettins, we picked off one with ranged attacks. Finally, a squadron of tweny-six orcs approached, Zera and I fly over head and he fireballs them all cutting a path through the enemy lines.

Atticus finds a map and an unbreakable javlin in the command tent as we pass. We make it to the river. Grin speaks with Gundo and Penod, our scorpions, and we fly them over the river. We make another hour and make camp for the night.
