We see three mantacores chasing us. We over compensated, as they were as easy fight. We arrive at Witchcross where few people remain. There were five men in leather armor leaving an abandoned tavern who say "Move on chumps, we're working this side of town." Another one blurts out, "Hold on that's them, then that's him..." referring to Zera. We try to pacify them, but end up fighting. They put up a good fight, then one attempts to ride away on a scorpion, which I banish from under him.

Searching the rogues, each one has a bandana with black and red tiger stripes someone on their person, which I distribute to each of us. They had a bag of silverware, candlebras, etc. worth about 200g. There was also a cask of imported dwarven ale which I take. In a nearby barn with stabled horses, we find a high-quality lute, a painting, and some coins. I grab the lute for Grin. Atticus spots a bridge from a tower, sees some movement of people wanting to remain hidden on the other side of the bridge. Fine a nice bottle of wine in the inn along with large barrels of ale, a large wheel of cheese, and cured ham. We stock up with a few days of provisions and left the gathered loot hidden amongst the barrels of ale. I wrap the rogue leader in a blanket and throw him over a horse to bring with us to identify later.

Crossing the bridge to the other side of town arrows are shot at our feet from a building on the other side. An armored fellow comes out on bridge to parlay. He tells us "the Crimson Tigers have teeth" when asking about the corpse and that their leader is known as "The Upright Man". He also tells us the invasion forces will reach Witchcross and Tilar in four days, which gives us a few days until they reach Brindol. Angus, who Grin had wrestled, comes up to us; he's clearly in charge. Angus shows us the balistas and archers and tells us that Witchcross is well defended. He says that the horses we gathered from the rogues are needed to haul food away from town. He takes us to a nearby warehouse avoiding traps along the way. There is a dwarf named Bilfor that is angry that they are taking his stuff. He's adamant that his assistant will return with in a caravan but the assistant is already a day late. We convience Bilor that he should leave. He grabs his ledger and fills the remaining wagons with his most valuable possessions. He then set a trap with a red orb, saying "If anyone burns it, it's me."

We leave town with the caravan. Towards the end of the day we see shabling plant creatures in the distance wearing the Duke's tabards and armor. The Children take many blows and are difficult to defeat. I gathered identifying items from the remains and then tried to burn the corpses. That was a bad idea as the smoke spreads their poison.
