Once we arrived in Kuldara, we all had business to attend to. Zera immediately head to the White Dove Inn to have a proper bath. We follow Grin to Ralph's music shop to purchase a lute. We got a recommendation to visit Cary a dwarven metalsmith, who has a crossed-hammer sign, to purchase armor. She has a nice dwarven-style set of plate armor that she will customize over night. Atticus leads us to Isabella's to find chain jewlery to wear a signet ring around his neck. Grin asked about the ring, and Atticus responded with a question asking if he was also a bastard child. Leaving the shop we find Ethor gnawing on a blue and gold javelin. We then head to the tailor Annan, a rather flamboyant dragonborn, to get Atticus a new traveler's cloak. In the window was a fancy garmet, the "Blue Rider", which was a special order from royalty to reward someone for saving one of the Duke's sons.

We then head to the temple quarter. At the Academy of Wizards, Brenian tells us to speak with Samuel, who would see us in an hour. In the meantime, we head to the Grand Library. I ask about Rhestilor and am quickly sushed, "No one talks of Rhestilor.", and we're escorted to a secret room. We're told that the Dukes have been trying to scrub it from history; that there was once four Dukes, and the fourth was asking for aid from the others. Region was fraught with battles with orcs. The assumption is that Rhest fell during one of the incursions. Vyreth Keep was used to try and bring Elsir Vale under control. Amery Vyreth inherited keep, after Rhest fell he tried to rid the domain of reptutation of conflict with orcs and giants. He raided Twisttusk Forest giants village, returning giants wiped out the keep. Usually, the region only sees orc raiding parties, maybe a tribe.

Atticus asked about Shahan, from his vision during his poisoining. It's a single single consciousness of the brown vines that attacked. Were people turned into "Children of Shahan", only to serve and multiply. Feed sap poison to their victims. Group has remained hidden for past few decades. 

We donated our copy of "The Fall of Rhestilor" to the library. As we leave, a rogue ambushed Zera whispering, "Tell your brother we said hello." During the scuffle, Ethor brings two guards as help. They stop the fight and question us, eventually taking Zera, Grin, and the assassin in for questioning at the jailhouse off from the Keep. Meanwhile, Atticus and I meet with Samuel.


